# CS3021-Big-Project
# REACTIONS.md
# Keusch - Schnabel - Williams
# Last Edited: 16 March 2026


# Owen Keusch
This was a cool project to work on with other students in the class as it tied together everything we have been learning all quarter. During this project, I was responsible for building the game engine and loop. The game engine was particularly challenging as I needed the modules/code from both Mike and Connor so I needed to also understand what they were naming functions, classes, etc to incorporate it into the game loop and engine. One of the biggest lessons learned for me was that we needed clear communication with one another; Especially if there needed to be a change in one anothers code. 

Successes- Our group spent a lot of time planning out how the game could be broken up into their individual modules and then which members would work on that section. As the project went on, communication got better and we were able to overcome requirements we needed from one another. Additionally, we all had the same endstate/picture in mind of how the game should run which made it easy to know how your code should function and fit into the overall program. 

# Michael Schnabel
This was the first time we have worked on a team, large coding project with multiple modules. The beginning stages of project development made us learn and appreciate the practice of early communication and file management. At each stage of the project, we all found ourselves requiring something that another team member created, or something changed. For example, when I created the Queue, Connor was using the logic to build the queue of ducks for actual gameplay. When changes needed to be made, we needed clear communication like "can you change this?" or "can I change this on the file you own?" to ensure we all understood what was being changed, and when.

Successes- finishing the project was rewarding and was cool to find ways to implement each of the techniques we learned in class. When developing the HashTable, I had to dive deeper into collision handling, which was an interesting topic. I found chaining to be the easiest solution. When developing score.py, I had to do a decent amount of research into JSON persistence to make it work properly. Clear communication with Owen made it so we could then integrate the score.py module into the actual game, which was a stickier task than expected.

# Connor Williams
I enjoyed the project and it was the first chance I've had to work with a team on a larger, multi-module project like this. Early communication and decision-making on what functionality belonged in what module proved to be very important and I think that helped us considerably later on in the project. The planning allowed us to work fairly independently and concurrently for a large portion of the project since we had a good understanding of the functionality provided by eachother's modules. Only at the end did we need to come together and iteratively update our respective modules to ensure all needed functionality was met. I'd estimate that 80% of the coding was enabled by the module planning discussions and only the last 20% required iterating on the existing modules once we tested the system as a whole. The last 20% was a bit challenging to figure out how to optimally incorporate certain features, but it just required a few group meetings to hash out.

Succcesses- I think we succesfully implemented all the required data structures and class relationships in a fairly logical manner. We didn't simply force them into the project for the sake of including them, rather we actually built the game around those concepts and exploited a lot of their benefits. Additionally, I think the heavy up front planning and consideration of the rubric/desired features documents paid dividends throughout the project. Figuring out our desired API for our modules first allowed us to do the majority of our work in parallel which massively sped up our development of the game and gave us more time for trouble shooting and adding additional fun features. 